docs: Tyk Sync 2.1.7 release notes (#1823)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: developer-support/release-notes/sync.mdx

## 2.1 Release Notes

### 2.1.7 Release Notes

#### Release Date 23 April 2026

#### Release Highlights

> Tyk Sync 2.1.7 updates the Go version to 1.25, fixes CVEs, a performance issue, and ensures compatibility with the most recent Tyk LTS release [5.8.13](/developer-support/release-notes/dashboard#5-8-13-release-notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk Sync 2.1.7 has updated the Golang version to 1.25, fixed CVEs and a performance issue, and ensures compatibility with the most recent Tyk LTS release [5.8.13](/developer-support/release-notes/dashboard#5-8-13-release-notes).
```

> For a comprehensive list of changes, please refer to the detailed [changelog](#Changelog-v2.1.7) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a comprehensive list of changes, please refer to the detailed [changelog](#Changelog-v2.1.7) below.

```

#### Breaking Changes
This release has no breaking changes.

#### Deprecations
There are no deprecations in this release.

#### Upgrade instructions
For users currently on v2.1.6, we strongly recommend promptly upgrading to the latest release. If you are working with an older version, it is advisable to bypass version 2.1.6 and proceed directly to this latest patch release.
<br/>
Go to the [Upgrading Tyk](#upgrading-tyk) section for detailed upgrade Instructions.

#### Downloads
- [Docker image v2.1.7](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-sync/tags?page=&page_size=&ordering=-name&name=v2.1.7)
  - ```bash
    docker pull tykio/tyk-sync:v2.1.7
    ```

#### Changelog
<a id="Changelog-v2.1.7" data-scroll-offset></a>

##### Changed

<AccordionGroup>

> <Accordion title='Updated Go version to 1.25'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Accordion title='Update Golang version to 1.25'>
```

> The Tyk Sync has been updated to Golang 1.25, improving security by staying up-to-date with Go versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have updated Tyk Sync to Golang 1.25, improving security by staying up-to-date with Golang versions.
```

</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

##### Fixed

<AccordionGroup>

> <Accordion title='Resolved severe performance degradation in large-scale sync operations'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Accordion title='Fix severe performance degradation in large-scale sync operations'>
```

> A performance regression issue has been fixed, where syncing large numbers of policies and APIs took hours instead of minutes. Large deployments with thousands of policies and APIs now sync at the previous v1.5.0 performance levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolved an issue where syncing large numbers of policies and APIs could take hours instead of minutes. Tyk Sync will now correctly sync large deployments at the performance levels introduced in v1.5.0, restoring the expected sync performance.
```

</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

##### Security Fixes

<AccordionGroup>

> <Accordion title='CVE fixed'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Accordion title='Fix multiple CVEs'>
```

## 2.1 Release Notes

### 2.1.7 Release Notes

> #### Release Date xx April 2026

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Release Date 23 April 2026
```

#### Release Highlights

> Tyk Sync 2.1.7 updates the Go version to 1.25, fixes CVEs, a performance issue, and ensures compatibility with the most recent Tyk LTS release [5.8.14](/developer-support/release-notes/dashboard#5814-release-notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk Sync 2.1.7 updates the Go version to 1.25, fixes CVEs, a performance issue, and ensures compatibility with the most recent Tyk LTS release [5.8.13](/developer-support/release-notes/dashboard#5-8-13-release-notes).
```

Reviewer: @JoanCamosTyk, It should be 5.13, right?

For a comprehensive list of changes, please refer to the detailed [changelog](#Changelog-v2.1.7) below.

#### Breaking Changes
This release has no breaking changes.

#### Deprecations
There are no deprecations in this release.

#### Upgrade instructions
For users currently on v2.1.6, we strongly recommend promptly upgrading to the latest release. If you are working with an older version, it is advisable to bypass version 2.1.6 and proceed directly to this latest patch release.
<br/>
Go to the [Upgrading Tyk](#upgrading-tyk) section for detailed upgrade Instructions.

#### Downloads
- [Docker image v2.1.7](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-sync/tags?page=&page_size=&ordering=-name&name=v2.1.7)
  - ```bash
    docker pull tykio/tyk-sync:v2.1.7
    ```

#### Changelog
<a id="Changelog-v2.1.7" data-scroll-offset></a>

##### Changed

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title='Update Golang version to 1.25'>
We have updated Tyk Sync to Golang 1.25, improving security by staying up-to-date with Golang versions.
</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>

##### Fixed

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title='Fix severe performance degradation in large-scale sync operations'>

> Resolved an issue where syncing large numbers of policies and APIs could take hours instead of minutes. Tyk Sync will now correctly sync large deployments at the performance levels introduced in v1.5.0, restoring the expected sync performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Resolved an issue where syncing large numbers of policies and APIs could take hours instead of minutes. Tyk Sync will now correctly sync large deployments at the performance levels similar to those seen in v1.5.0.
```

</AccordionGroup>

##### Security Fixes

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title='CVE fixed'>
Addressed the following CVEs, providing increased protection against security

> vulnerabilities, including, but not limited to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Addressed the following CVEs, providing increased protection against security vulnerabilities.
```

> - <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-33186" target="_blank">CVE-2026-33186</a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-33186" target="_blank">CVE-2026-33186</a>
```

- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-1229" target="_blank">CVE-2026-1229</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-32280" target="_blank">CVE-2026-32280</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-39883" target="_blank">CVE-2026-39883</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-32282" target="_blank">CVE-2026-32282</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-32283" target="_blank">CVE-2026-32283</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-32281" target="_blank">CVE-2026-32281</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-32288" target="_blank">CVE-2026-32288</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-39882" target="_blank">CVE-2026-39882</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-32289" target="_blank">CVE-2026-32289</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-27139" target="_blank">CVE-2026-27139</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-27142" target="_blank">CVE-2026-27142</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-33762" target="_blank">CVE-2026-33762/a>

> - <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-34165" target="_blank">CVE-2026-34165/a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-33762" target="_blank">CVE-2026-33762</a>
- <a href="https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2026-34165" target="_blank">CVE-2026-34165</a>
```
